Add Ssd-mobilenetv1 (#328)
onnx/models: README.md

|-|-|-|
|<b>[Tiny YOLOv2](vision/object_detection_segmentation/tiny-yolov2)</b>|[Redmon et al.](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1612.08242.pdf)|A real-time CNN for object detection that detects 20 different classes. A smaller version of the more complex full YOLOv2 network.|
|<b>[SSD](vision/object_detection_segmentation/ssd)</b>|[Liu et al.](https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.02325)|Single Stage Detector: real-time CNN for object detection that detects 80 different classes.|

> |<b>[SSD-MobileNetV1](vision/object_detection_segmentation/ssd-mobilenetv1)</b>|[Howard et al.](https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.04861)|A variant of Mobilenet that uses the Single Shot Detector(SSD) model framework. The model can detect 80 different object classes and locate up to 10 objects in an image.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|<b>[SSD-MobileNetV1](vision/object_detection_segmentation/ssd-mobilenetv1)</b>|[Howard et al.](https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.04861)|A variant of MobileNet that uses the Single Shot Detector (SSD) model framework. The model can detect 80 different object classes and locate up to 10 objects in an image.|
```

> |<b>[SSD-MobileNetV1](vision/object_detection_segmentation/ssd-mobilenetv1)</b>|[Howard et al.](https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.04861)|A variant of MobileNet that uses the Single Shot Detector (SSD) model framework. The model can detect 80 different object classes and locate up to 10 objects in an image.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|<b>[SSD-MobileNetV1](vision/object_detection_segmentation/ssd-mobilenetv1)</b>|[Howard et al.](https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.04861)|A variant of MobileNet that uses the Single Shot Detector (SSD) model framework. The model detects 80 different object classes and locates up to 10 objects in an image.|
```
